README.md, before:

# After Dark

> After Dark is free and open-source software you can use to create a website, blog or app. Utilize the world's fastest framework for building websites and design your entire site right inside the terminal.

[![Latest NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/after-dark)
[![Monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/after-dark)
[![Minimum Hugo version](https://img.shields.io/badge/hugo->%3D%200.44-FF4088.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gohugo.io)
[![WTFPL licensed](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/after-dark/src/branch/master/COPYING)
[![Telegram chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-telegram-32AFED.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://t.me/comfusion)
[![Keybase profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/pm-keybase-4c8eff.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://keybase.io/jhabdas)

## Features

- [Streamlined Workflow](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-workflow) – cross-platform, 1 dependency, single-codebase
- [Unparalleled Speed](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-speed) – ~0.615s builds, decisecond page loads
- [Advanced Graphics](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-graphics) – responsive post images with lqip
- [Rewards System](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-rewards) – monetize attention and earn borderless income
- [Fuzzy Search](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-search) – automatic indexing and no third-parties
- [Easily Customized](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-customize) – change skins, strip styles, create layouts
- [Securely Designed](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-security) – referrer policy, release hashes, air gapping
- [Privacy Focused](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-privacy) – no cookies and no external requests

## Screenshots

Click a screenshot to view a live demo of the functionality.

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/after-dark-v6.15.0-homepage-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/svg-favicon/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/feature-online-help-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/404.html">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/feature-error-page-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th scope="col"><center>Help Docs</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>SVG Favicon</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>404 Page</center></th>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/module-toxic-swamp-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/shortcode/button/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/shortcode-button-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/extra/high-tea/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/extra-high-tea-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th scope="col"><center>Add-on Modules</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>Form Controls</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>IndieWeb Extras</center></th>
  </tr>
</table>

## Getting Started

Please [Install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing) `0.44` or greater before getting started.

### Installation

For scripted installation use [Quick Install](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/quick-install/). Otherwise download a copy and:

```sh
hugo serve --theme after-dark
```

### Upgrading

Run the [Upgrade Script](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/upgrade-script/) to check for updates and upgrade automatically:

```sh
./themes/after-dark/bin/upgrade
```

## Verifying

If installed or upgraded via script you may use the [Release Validator](https://after-dark.habd.as/validate/) to verify you're running a PGP-signed and SHA-verified release. Integrity is checked at the source level and may be performed offline. See [Release Hashes](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/release-hashes/) for more info.

## Usage

Use the included [Online Help](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/online-help/) to learn how to set-up and use After Dark. Help docs may be served locally and do not require an Internet connection to function.

## Credits

Special thanks to エゴイスト for [hackcss](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/hack), Dan Klammer for the [bytesize icons](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/bytesize-icons) and Vincent Prouillet for the [Zola port](https://www.getzola.org/themes/after-dark/).

## License

Copyright (C) 2016–2019 by Josh Habdas <jhabdas@protonmail.com>

This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
as published by Sam Hocevar.

Commit message:

docs(readme): leave copyright in license file only

README.md, after:

# After Dark

> After Dark is free and open-source software you can use to create a website, blog or app. Utilize the world's fastest framework for building websites and design your entire site right inside the terminal.

[![Latest NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/after-dark)
[![Monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/after-dark)
[![Minimum Hugo version](https://img.shields.io/badge/hugo->%3D%200.44-FF4088.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gohugo.io)
[![WTFPL licensed](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/after-dark.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/after-dark/src/branch/master/COPYING)
[![Telegram chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-telegram-32AFED.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://t.me/comfusion)
[![Keybase profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/pm-keybase-4c8eff.svg?style=flat-square&longCache=true)](https://keybase.io/jhabdas)

## Features

- [Streamlined Workflow](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-workflow) – cross-platform, 1 dependency, single-codebase
- [Unparalleled Speed](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-speed) – ~0.615s builds, decisecond page loads
- [Advanced Graphics](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-graphics) – responsive post images with lqip
- [Rewards System](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-rewards) – monetize attention and earn borderless income
- [Fuzzy Search](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-search) – automatic indexing and no third-parties
- [Easily Customized](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-customize) – change skins, strip styles, create layouts
- [Securely Designed](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-security) – referrer policy, release hashes, air gapping
- [Privacy Focused](https://after-dark.habd.as/#feature-privacy) – no cookies and no external requests

## Screenshots

Click a screenshot to view a live demo of the functionality.

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/after-dark-v6.15.0-homepage-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/svg-favicon/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/feature-online-help-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/404.html">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/feature-error-page-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th scope="col"><center>Help Docs</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>SVG Favicon</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>404 Page</center></th>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/module-toxic-swamp-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/shortcode/button/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/shortcode-button-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://after-dark.habd.as/extra/high-tea/">
        <img alt src="https://after-dark.habd.as/images/screenshots/extra-high-tea-fs8.png">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th scope="col"><center>Add-on Modules</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>Form Controls</center></th>
    <th scope="col"><center>IndieWeb Extras</center></th>
  </tr>
</table>

## Getting Started

Please [Install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing) `0.44` or greater before getting started.

### Installation

For scripted installation use [Quick Install](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/quick-install/). Otherwise download a copy and:

```sh
hugo serve --theme after-dark
```

### Upgrading

Run the [Upgrade Script](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/upgrade-script/) to check for updates and upgrade automatically:

```sh
./themes/after-dark/bin/upgrade
```

## Verifying

If installed or upgraded via script you may use the [Release Validator](https://after-dark.habd.as/validate/) to verify you're running a PGP-signed and SHA-verified release. Integrity is checked at the source level and may be performed offline. See [Release Hashes](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/release-hashes/) for more info.

## Usage

Use the included [Online Help](https://after-dark.habd.as/feature/online-help/) to learn how to set-up and use After Dark. Help docs may be served locally and do not require an Internet connection to function.

## Credits

Special thanks to エゴイスト for [hackcss](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/hack), Dan Klammer for the [bytesize icons](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/bytesize-icons) and Vincent Prouillet for the [Zola port](https://www.getzola.org/themes/after-dark/).

## License

This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
as published by Sam Hocevar. The full text of the license is included in the file COPYING in the source.
